Innocent Variants:
	GOOD COMMONS
	Medic:
		Medkit: After 2 seconds of prep time, gives +50 health to everyone within X units of themselves (1-use item)
		POS: A nice way to quickly heal wounded innocents after a confrontation with traitors
		NEG: Difficult to use, as the Medic can easily heal traitors. Increases game length
	Hunter (Previously the Survivalist):
		Radar
		Armor
		Increased movement speed when HP < 50%
		POS: Gives Innocents some situational awareness. Makes it easier to hunt down traitors
	Tank:
		50% more HP
		Armor
		POS: Gives Innocents more survivability. Makes Shotgun kills harder to pull off.
		NEG: May force traitors to rely on things like the Baby Launcher and Jihad Bomb.
	Scavenger (Previously the Survivalist):
		Obtains 1 credit for every unique dead body they check.
		Scavengers turn in credits to increase: max health, armor, speed, jump height, ammo count
		POS: Gives traitors an urgency to hurry up and/or perform mass murder plots, as the Scavenger grows more powerful with time.
		NEG: Bad implementation can lead to being able to easily determine who the Scavenger is.
	
	BAD COMMONS
	Veteran:
		If killing the Veteran would induce a karma loss, the killer will receive a massive penalty
		Penalty: Deal 50% less damage (lasts for the remainder of the round)
		NOTE: Bad idea to implement this by changing karma directly, as that sticks around for multiple round and can cause karma bans.
		POS: Reduces RDM-ing
		NEG: More of a downside for team innocents, as they tend to have more karma problems.
	Troll:
		Troll Bomb: Spawns three explosive fire barrels that's on fire
		POS: Prevents people from clumping up in one place
		NEG: More of a downside for team innocents, as they outnumber traitors
	
	GOOD RARES
	Pheonix:
		Pheonix Down: 10 seconds after death, revives with 25 health and improved movement speed (original body disappears)
		POS: Gives Innocents a 2nd chance. Forces traitors to be more sneaky about who they kill
		NEG: Pheonix can easily tattletale their killer
	Gypsy:
		Has Mirror Fate (Looks like Holstered. Stuck on Heart Attack in 30s)
		Has Clairvoyance
		POS: Gives Innocents a way to act out their grudges. Forces traitors to be more indirect. Reduces RDM-ing
		NEG: Traitors have to proceed with even more caution.
	Undercover Cop:
		Appears as a traitor to traitors.
		Detectives know which people are Double Agents
		Has Handcuffs?
		POS: Turns the game on its head by sowing distrust into traitors
		NEG: Exact repercussions need to be determined through play-testing.

Traitor Variants:
	Count as traitors, so traitor testers go off on them, and they can use traitor traps
	May have different win conditions
	
	Conspirator (rare):
		Shares the same win condition with traitors
		Appears to everyone as a detective
		Traitors do not know who the Conspirator(s) are and vice versa
		Has access to detective items, but does not have access to traitor items
		CONSIDER: Conspiracy Theory: Always says that the victim is a traitor
		CONSIDER: Conspirator Ball: Turns Innocents into Conspirators
		Gains points for creating conspirators
		POS: Turns the game on its head by sowing distrust into the one role that innocents can rely on
		NEG: Much more hazardous than your typical traitor
	
	Jester:
		Wins if killed directly by another non-jester
		Looks like a traitor to other traitors
		Weapons used by the Jester deal no damage (except for bombs/fire)
		The Jester can't deal damage directly
		The Jester can be killed by explosives, traitor weapons, and traitor traps without issue.
		CONSIDER: Detectives should be able to kill/de-jesterify the Jester with special weaponry like the Detective Ball, Handcuffs, and the Golden Deagle
		POS: Prevents the detective from RDM-ing
		NEG: Tends to overstay their welcome when found out.
	
	Terrorist:
		Has no win condition
		Does not need to be killed or interacted with to end the game
		Everyone knows who they are
		CONSIDER: Give them fun speculation items like binoculars, "popcorn" and speed/jump boosts.
		POS: Allows people to simmer down after many hectic games.
		NEG: Will most likely overstay their welcome.

More Jihad Bomb Jingles:
	My Little Pony OP
	Vay Hek "TICK TOCK" line
	Daisy going "HAAAAM"
	"It's a Pipe Bomb!" ~ Mysterious Ticking Noise
	